He is a daughter
This lady is beautiful and has an outstanding temperament
The upper class had never seen him before
I'm not sure he's really a daughter of the family
Don't be fooled by him.
His parents are from Taoyuan County
How could he be the daughter who left home?
Taoyuan County is the poorest county in the country
That's right, a poor ghost in a poor county
How could he be a daughter away from home?
Yeah, he just wanted to take advantage of his status as the daughter next door
Grab everyone's attention
What about hooking up with a man and marrying a wealthy family?
We don't know each other when Qian King Kong got back from home
Don't let people with ulterior motives take advantage of it
trailing edge?
How dare you pretend to be a daughter who left home?
It's the first time I've seen such a shameless face
Sister posing as a daughter away from home can not only be thrown out
One by one
The teacher knew he was unattainable
You will regret it.
Can't afford it
He is just a dear of the Bai family
A bitch who only seduces men
What have I got to regret?
Good idea.
Then Muse will remember what you said today
elder sister
Isn't that the skill of giving money to the deceased?
Why are you here?